README.md, before:

## Howdy 👋 I'm Miguel 

Skills: C, C#, C++, Python | Data Structures | Memory Management | Object-Oriented Programming

I'm a programmer constantly challenging myself with school and personal projects. I'm currently
diving deep into data structures, memory allocation, and C, honing my ability to write 
optimized and efficient code. 

## 🤖Current Projects

*Fantasy RPG*
___________
- Using the Unity engine, I'm developing a game with custom movements, combat features, and skill trees using data structures.
- Physics programming to simulate gravity and velocity for basic running, walking, and jump mechanics.
- Used vectors and quaternion rotations for a custom camera engine that gives the player full rotation control.

*Spades*
___________
- I'm currently recreating the card game "Spades" in C++.
- Game uses OOP concepts such as encapsulation and abstraction for easier data management and reuse of variables.
- I'm using lower level memory management to prevent stack overflow issues.

## 👾Collaborate

I'm excited to work on team-based projects that could challenge my problem-solving skills. Anything from 
game-related projects to performance optimization or even just fun coding challenges.

Commit message:

Revise README with new introduction and goals
Updated personal introduction and skills section.

README.md, after:

## Please Hire Me 

Skills: C, C#, C++, Python | Data Structures | Memory Management | Object-Oriented Programming

One my biggest goals as a programmer is to ensure optimization for any program I'm working on.
This has led me to losing my mind.

## 🤖Current Projects

*Fantasy RPG*
___________
- Using the Unity engine, I'm developing a game with custom movements, combat features, and skill trees using data structures.
- Physics programming to simulate gravity and velocity for basic running, walking, and jump mechanics.
- Used vectors and quaternion rotations for a custom camera engine that gives the player full rotation control.

*Spades*
___________
- I'm currently recreating the card game "Spades" in C++.
- Game uses OOP concepts such as encapsulation and abstraction for easier data management and reuse of variables.
- I'm using lower level memory management to prevent stack overflow issues.

## 👾Collaborate

I'm excited to work on team-based projects that could challenge my problem-solving skills. Anything from 
game-related projects to performance optimization or even just fun coding challenges.
